                               Set::Relation
                                  README
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

by Darren Duncan <darren@DarrenDuncan.net>

PREFACE

This distribution features the Perl module named Set::Relation (a relation
data type) and its support structure.

Read below for how to get support or keep up to date.

DOCUMENTATION READING ORDER

If you want to read all the Set::Relation documentation that exists now in
this distribution, I recommend doing so in this order:

   1.       README
   2. (opt) Changes
   3.       lib/Set/Relation.pm
   4.       lib/Set/Relation/V1.pm
   5.       lib/Set/Relation/V2.pm
   6. (opt) TODO

Then you can carry on with anything else.

You may prefer the nicely HTML-formatted versions of the above, which are
available at "http://search.cpan.org/dist/Set-Relation/".

KEEPING UP TO DATE

My module set is constantly under development.  The canonical copies are
all linked to through my personal website, "http://www.darrenduncan.net/",
or through my business website, "https://muldis.com".

For those of you that are interested in the bleeding edge of development, I
have all parts of the Set::Relation project in one or more public
repositories.  The Perl Set::Relation project is in a Git repository
at "https://github.com/muldis/Set_Relation_Perl".

You can download slightly older versions of all of my modules from the
public CPAN archives at "http://www.cpan.org/authors/id/D/DU/DUNCAND/", or
on my own web server at "http://www.darrenduncan.net/d/perl/".

CPAN also extracts the POD from modules and maintains that documentation in
an organized and searchable fashion.  Their main search site is at
"http://search.cpan.org", and my own DUNCAND author page is at
"http://search.cpan.org/search?author=DUNCAND".

The main CPAN search site url for Set::Relation for Perl is
"http://search.cpan.org/dist/Set-Relation/"; that is the url you should
link to presently if you want something to consider the "home page" of
Set::Relation; it is best to refer people there by default.

You can download my oldest tarred and gzipped distributions from BACKPAN,
at "http://history.perl.org/backpan/authors/id/D/DU/DUNCAND/", or from my
web server, at "http://www.darrenduncan.net/d/perl/archives/", right back
to the libdwg 1.0, first released on 2000 July 23.

FIN

Share and Enjoy!
